Session 1
My takeaways:
✔️ Feedback is very important. You have to give it and take it
✔️ Very Important quality to excel in career is to ask questions. Don't be shy for asking questions, best way to excel oneself.
✔️ Never ever react spontaneously to anything be it career etc, take some time to think about it and react only when you are in good mood. Dont rake decisions when you are in a bad mood or anger one.
✔️ How 1% change can make a difference in our life.

Session 2
My takeaways:
✔️ Asking questions will make it easy to understand our audience and also their requirement which will help us to present the solution in a better way
✔️ " LESS IS MORE" -> Simplicity is better than elaborate embellishment
✔️ Being concise and easy to comprehend in resume while applying for any opportunity.
✔️ Effective communication skills in team and company

Session 3
My takeaways:
✔️Less is more, so always be clear and concise in all aspects
✔️Try to be positive at all times while communicating with others
✔️Always be with purpose while approaching or contacting someone
✔️How to communicate with someone you dont know or the one who is at very high level.


Session 4
My Takeaways:
✔️ Power of Networking
✔️ Coming out of comfort zone will let you acheive many more things.
✔️ What is that one lesson the pandemic has taught us : For me it helped me in connecting with many professionals and mentors.
✔️ Following your passion
✔️ Helping each other so that we can learn and grow together
✔️ Have confidence in self and follow your intuition
✔️ Purpose of Data Science and what is the possible future of it.
✔️ Some books recommended by Greg and Timothy:
Creativity code and 7 habits of highly effective people

Session 5
My takeaways :

✔️ It takes time to learn anything. So one should not lose patience in that path and also avoid the noises which try to deviate from us in reaching our goal.
✔️ The power of "6 THINKING HATS" serves as a team-based problem solving and brainstorming technique that can be used to explore problems and solutions and uncover ideas and options that might otherwise be overlooked by a homogeneously thinking group.
✔️ REST -> GET BACK TO WORK-> REST . This should be the process as rest is much needed and it gives more power for us to reach the goal.
✔️ We need to use WHY in each growth circle, as we would need to choose carefully as we have a limited number of growth circles.
✔️ Follow TRY REST REVIEW LEARN approach
✔️ One should always be curious and grow one's learning skills.
✔️ Need to "Grow depth of Thinking and seeing new things".

Session 6
My Takeaways:
✔️ How to effectively tackle the Interview process.
✔️ Interview CLUB / Types of Interview
✔️ Try to ask more questions, express your views which shows your interest.
✔️ Be concise and clear and most importantly, BE YOURSELF during an interview
✔️ Try to record your interview answers and then improve upon the answers for next time.
✔️ And, don't forget to ask questions at the end of the interview
✔️ Do good research about the company and position to which you are applying in-hand before the interview, and ask them which shows your interest in their company.

DS Interview questions(Thanks to Steve Nouri for the resources)
https://lnkd.in/gqWjFCN

Session 7
My Takeaways:
✔️ Follow STAR technique for Interviews
   S - Situation (Identify the problem)
   T - Task ( RCA)
   A - Action ( Aligning with team)
   R - Result ( Give the result)
✔️ Your resume defines you so, don't write something that you aren't perfect at.
✔️ Prefer 1page resume for any interview or at most 2 pages, not more than that.
✔️ Do prior research about the company and the post you are applying to.
✔️ Give 2bullet points for each project or work experience you are writing and it should convey the complete information.
✔️ If you don't know answer to a question, try to go for solving the problem with the knowledge you have at that time.
✔️ Try best to justify yourself in a way to prove that you are an asset to the company at all times.
✔️ Never ever answer on basis of first thoughts, think twice before answering to any in the interview.
✔️ Its advised to have a website that showcases your work and projects. We can create it using GitHub easily in couple of mins.

Session 8
My Takeaways:
✔️ Post regularly and consistently on LinkedIn what you are good at and accept the criticism in a healthy manner
✔️ Be consistent with the efforts and collaborate with others. Be at the level where jobs are lining up for you.
✔️ While posting on LinkedIn, Be clear on what you want to post and how frequent you want to do that.
✔️ Do what you can and then do what is possible and before long you will be doing the impossible things.
✔️ You aren't born with knowing everything, always be willing to learn and take constuctive criticism from people and always give credit to source from where you got the help .
✔️ Closing gaps is as important as finding niche. What's important is how you are explaining it to others.
✔️ Try working backwards in acheiving your goals. Check the comments for more about this.
✔️ Think of your future self and reality as a streched elastic band. Either the future comes down to your mindset or reality needs to go to the future.
✔️ The first learning plan may not be good enough but its a living plan, so modify it and go forward.

Working backwards to achieve our goals:

1. Portray yourself into future and find where you want to see yourself in it. 
2. Write that down and list all the skills you need to reach that position. 
3. Find all the resources which will help you in mastering/learning those skills. 
4. Break down each into smaller steps and achieve each of them so that the when you combine all these small steps, you can see a big picture i.e. dream
5. Find mentor in this process who can help and reach out to those who can help you achieve each of them.
6. Continuously revisit your North Star vision, iterate and refine it as you gain more skills and experiences.

Session 9
My Takeaways:
✔️ Working backwards approach to achieve our goals!
✔️ We learn from others even if we only read books and there are no self-made people,
✔️ Don't keep a timeline for your goals, instead develop the habit of improving yourself compare to yesterday and eventually you will reach your goal.
✔️ While posting on LinkedIn, never expect the likes and comments, instead, think about the reach and how it helps them.
✔️ LinkedIn is an example of a platform where we should give whatever we can that will help the community and should not expect anything in return.
✔️ To improve your LinkedIn Profile, write elevator pitch about yourself in "about" section as recruiters will look for it.
✔️ Change your elevator pitch on regular basis and see how many times you were searched, with this one can find, the best pitch that promotes yourself.
✔️ README section of GitHub is critical as HR recruiter who views your profile has minimal knowledge of technology, and we have this chance to impress him with the ReadMe section, i.e. we can add an overview of the project, what motivated us to do this.
✔️ Having an online portfolio is very important and also can ease the process of recruitment. We just need to add highlights of our project i.e. why this approach and what did you gain using this.
✔️ Always try to have weekly status meetings on your projects to discuss your problems and blockers in your path. If you train yourself to PM your projects, you will be better prepared when you have to deliver the final project.
